fix: no empty transaction on bad URL/method (#2365)
PostgREST/postgrest: CHANGELOG.md

 - #1959, An accidental full table PATCH(without filters) is not possible anymore, it requires filters or a `limit` parameter - @steve-chavez, @laurenceisla
 - #2317, Increase the `db-pool-timeout` to 1 hour to prevent frequent high connection latency - @steve-chavez
 - #2341, The search path now correctly identifies schemas with uppercase and special characters in their names (regression) - @laurenceisla

>  - #2364, Not found URL and bad HTTP method don't start an empty database transaction - @steve-chavez

Author: ```suggestion
 - #2364, "404 Not Found" on nested routes and "405 Method Not Allowed" errors no longer start an empty database transaction - @steve-chavez
```
